EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/payment_and_shipping_options.md

Next to standard payment method invoice an interface to Paypal Express is offered.
Payment providers Ogone/Ingenico and Telecash can be implemented on request.

The payment is based on a standard Symfony bundle. You can also integrate other payment providers.

![](img/image2018-5-31_19-50-35.png)

> The payment and shipping method offered can be enabled or disabled per SiteAccess.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payment and shipping methods can be enabled or disabled per SiteAccess.
```

## Shipping costs

> eZ Commerce offers a flexible way to define shipping costs, if this is not set in the ERP system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eZ Commerce offers a flexible way to define shipping costs, if they are not set in the ERP system.
```

Shipping costs can be setup per:

- shop (eZ Commerce offers one shop only)
- currency
- shipping method
- country
- state
- zip code (e.g. for exceptions such as delivery to islands)

> In addition it is possible to configure different shipping cost depending on the amount of the basket (including free of freight rules):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition it is possible to configure different shipping cost depending on the size of the basket (including free of freight rules):
```
